All right.
Welcome welcome back my student it's staff for us to learn the other relationship allowable one of the
others which is one too many.
All right.
So we learned that 1 to 1 which is pretty cool.
Now let's learn that one too many I think I had this uncommented before but anyway the first thing that
we've got to do is just create a route right because we want the use that when they visit cerned.
You are L..
We they get certain information right.
So the visit poses and then again all the polls are available for that specific user.
So we have to first find the user of course find the user what ID number one because as on the user
we got and we won all the polls for our user fun and let's just do it like this.
This is very similar to the one to one relationship I'll show you right now.
Actually this is the user once we have the user object then we can do other things with it.
Make sure that you have the user model added on top.
OK.
Right here you see the
beautiful.
Let's just keep going down we brought it out of court already right.
Well we've still got some more to go.
So anyway I just wanted to make sure what we already did is here.
Another thing that I want you to understand is that when you are returning something out of the med
like we're doing right now sometimes you're going to get multiple value that you would not be able to
get multiple results in some cases because remember that the return key We're only returns one specific
value.
OK.
So we would not be able to return.
Let's say for example if I want to return all the users polls right now I won't be able to do that unless
I use something else because return only returns one value back white anyway.
So we got the user.
Now all we got to do here is create a For Each loop to pull this information but we're forgetting something
right.
I want you to guess what we are forgetting but right now we're going to get the user and when I say
I want to pull out all your posts and make it as post now we don't have this yet.
Right.
We have we created one for the polls right.
If you go to a post for that I mean for the user we've got this one here but we haven't created the
other one with the S or I remember that we have the one to one relationship right here and we using
We're returning to users right here.
This is the one we created.
But now a lot of it has a funny way of doing things and it makes it really simple for us.
It makes the method as property so we can access method as a property.
So it's pretty cool.
You know these are this is we're we're now doing something like this there.
OK.
All right.
But that's how it is.
So now let's go back to the model the user model actually and this create function.
And we can name it whatever we want to remember there.
OK.
Sometimes I repeat myself a lot and that's because I wanted this information to be there for you.
Some of you my forgetting a couple more lectures some of you will never forget.
But I want to be sure that you don't forget.
So this has a maney is the new med that we are going to be using to do that one too many.
And now we find the space the name space just like we did here.
OK.
So let's go back to routes and let's check it out.
We find the user would have the number one and then we return all the user suppose we want to return
all the polls titles for every pause our user has.
OK.
And
now I think I already did it.
But I want you to do.
Actually no I only have one.
Let's create another role here.
So let's insert another post with a user ID number one THP
with Claribel
content
and everything else should be this.
That's fine.
So now we can pool two guys out right.
We can pull two polls.
All right.
So let's see how this looks.
First of all let's put let's make this an echo because we can actually return more than one value.
Like I said before.
So let's do a b or tag right here.
OK.
Let's check it out.
There we go.
As you can see we are returning to titles because we have to pause with a user ID with the same user
ID if I wanted to return this.
I'm saying we are echoing something.
That's what I meant to say now returning.
But if I do that I only return one title.
See that.
So make sure that you are doing ekal.
All right.
So now we know how to deal with one to many relationship.
Let's make a comment here one to many relationship.
OK.
Beautiful.
Thank you so much for watching guys.
Is being a pleasure on the next lecture.
We'll continue with our relationship and we'll keep enjoying this course right.
Take care.
See you in the next lecture